README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with the [VertiGIS Studio Web SDK](https://github.com/vertigis/vertigis-web-sdk).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the project in development mode. Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code. You will see build errors and warnings in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the library for production to the `build` folder. It optimizes the build for the best performance.

Your custom library is now ready to be deployed!

See the [section about deployment](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/sdk-deployment/) in the [Developer Center](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/overview/) for more information.

## Learn More

Find [further documentation on the SDK](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/sdk-overview/) on the [VertiGIS Studio Developer Center](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/overview/)

Commit message:

Added note to README.md re updating apiKey in app.json file

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with the [VertiGIS Studio Web SDK](https://github.com/vertigis/vertigis-web-sdk).

## IMPORTANT Update EagleView API Key ##

Prior to running the app, you must update the EagleView API key set in the app/app.json file.
Open app/app.json and search for "apiKey", and update the value to an EagleView API that works for "http://localhost:3001/"

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the project in development mode. Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code. You will see build errors and warnings in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the library for production to the `build` folder. It optimizes the build for the best performance.

Your custom library is now ready to be deployed!

See the [section about deployment](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/sdk-deployment/) in the [Developer Center](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/overview/) for more information.

## Learn More

Find [further documentation on the SDK](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/sdk-overview/) on the [VertiGIS Studio Developer Center](https://developers.vertigis.com/docs/web/overview/)
